[WIP/TESTING] docs: For Checksum filter (#29449)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/http/http_filters/checksum_filter.rst

.. _config_http_filters_language:

Checksum
========

* This filter should be configured with the type URL ``type.googleapis.com/envoy.extensions.filters.http.checksum.v3alpha.ChecksumConfig``.
* :ref:`v3 API reference <envoy_v3_api_msg_extensions.filters.http.checksum.v3alpha.ChecksumConfig>`

.. attention::

   The checksum filter is only included in :ref:`contrib images <install_contrib>`

.. attention::

   The checksum filter is experimental and is currently under active development.

> The checksum filter matches an upstream download path against an expected sha256sum for the expected content.

Author: ```suggestion
The checksum filter matches an the hashed body of a response from an upstream download path against an expected sha256 hash.
```
